CLI,  VSCode and LSP errors hyperlink to online docs (#534)
quick-lint/quick-lint-js: docs/cli.adoc

Incompatible with *--lsp-server*.
--

*--diagnostic-hyperlinks*=_when_::

>   Control whether the errors are using escape sequences to show errors as hyperlinks or not.

Reviewer: "show errors as hyperlinks" is weird phrasing IMO. Hyperlink is a verb (as well as a noun), so we can say "hyperlink errors".

But we're not really hyperlinking the errors; we're hyperlinking the error codes. So maybe write this:
```suggestion
  Control whether to hyperlink error codes or not.
```

>   Control whether the errors are using escape sequences to show errors as hyperlinks or not.

Reviewer: I'd also mention that this option is only used if `--output-format=gnu-like`.

  _when_ is one of the following:
+
--

> - *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal. On windows

Reviewer: Nit: Windows is capitalized:
```suggestion
- *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal. On Windows
```

> - *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal. On windows
> it behaves like 'never' because windows default terminals don't support escape sequences.

Reviewer: Nit: One line per sentence:
```suggestion
- *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal.
On windows it behaves like 'never' because windows default terminals don't support escape sequences.
```

> - *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal. On windows
> it behaves like 'never' because windows default terminals don't support escape sequences.

Reviewer: Minor: I wouldn't mention why it behaves line `never` on Windows.
```suggestion
- *auto* (default): shows errors as hyperlinks only if the error output is a terminal. On windows
it behaves like 'never'.
```
